Spelling Fixes (#125149)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sap/workloads/dbms-guide-sqlserver.md

## New M-series VMs and SQL Server

> Azure released a few new families of M-series SKUs under the family of Mv3. Some of the VM types in this family should't be used for SQL Server, including SQL Server 2022 without disabling SMT (Hyperthreading) in the Windows Server guest OS. Reason is the number of NUMA nodes presented into the Windows Server guest OS which with larger than 64 vCPUs is too large for SQL Server to accommodate. By disabling SMT in the Windows Server guest OS, the number of vCPUs is getting reduced. So, that the number of vCPUs is less than 64 in each NUMA node. The way how to disable SMT is described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/sql-server/compute-capacity-limits-by-edition-of-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16#disable-smt-in-an-azure-virtual-machine). The specific VM types are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure released a few new families of M-series SKUs under the family of Mv3. Some of the VM types in this family should't be used for SQL Server, including SQL Server 2022 without disabling SMT (Hyperthreading) in the Windows Server guest OS. Reason is the number of NUMA nodes presented into the Windows Server guest OS which with larger than 64 vCPUs is too large for SQL Server to accommodate. By disabling SMT in the Windows Server guest OS, the number of vCPUs is getting reduced. So, that the number of vCPUs is less than 64 in each NUMA node. The way how to disable SMT is described [here](/sql/sql-server/compute-capacity-limits-by-edition-of-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16&preserve-view=true#disable-smt-in-an-azure-virtual-machine). The specific VM types are:
```
